# android-diceout
The app will simulate rolling three dice and scoring a certain number of points for different combinations. I've called the project DiceOut and many basic programming concepts will be covered in each of the videos that go into building the finished product. The app is meant to be a little rough around the edges, but when you are done you can use this as a canvas to improve and experiment with on your own. Sometimes the hardest part of learning to code is to remember to just keep making things. There is nothing wrong with your first project being basic, it helps to learn the concepts of programming over everything else, in the beginning.

When the app is launched you'll see this layout, the app will show a green background, and some text at the top and the bottom. There are three dice that appear in the middle and there is a Roll button that is customized with an image in the lower right corner. When you click the button or tap it if you have a touchscreen, the dice will change. If you get a matching pair you score 50 points. If you get three of a kind, you'll score based on the combination, 100 for three ones, 200 for three twos, 300 for three threes, et cetera.

The app will show the result of your roll and display the score you've earned so far. Pretty simple. But this app will teach you a lot about basic coding and get you familiar with the Java programming language and how to build apps for Android. One other note before we move on. To help you see the code in the video, the interface of Android Studio on my computer has been modified to make it more readable. I'll guide you along as we go through with the steps of making our app. 
# android-diceout
